Thank you. Again, Mr. Windsor. Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
Well, I have a friend who left his wife for several years. He came back to find a kid
living with her. Any thoughts?
You think your wife cheated on you?
My friends, wife?
There must be a misunderstanding between him and Mrs. Windsor. Let's not jump to conclusions.
Maybe she's just babysitting for a friend. Why don't you just talk to her?
You're right. Give me some flowers. I'll go over to my wife's place.
No flowers for the friend. I'm just kidding. I'll have those ready right away.
Dexter, have you visited your wife?
No.
You're ridiculous. It must have been so hard for Lillian to be his years.
Wait. Mom, what was, what was her name?
Heartless Pastor. You don't need your wife's name?
Just tell me.